packages/cl-sdk/README.md, before:

# ConversationLearner-SDK

Conversation Learner Software Development Kit

[![Travis](https://travis-ci.org/Microsoft/ConversationLearner-SDK.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/Microsoft/ConversationLearner-SDK)
[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/Microsoft/ConversationLearner-SDK.svg?style=shield)](https://circleci.com/gh/Microsoft/ConversationLearner-SDK)
[![AppVeyor](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/github/Microsoft/ConversationLearner-SDK?branch=master&svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/conversationlearner/conversationlearner-sdk)

This repo is intended to be consumed by your bot. The library exposes middleware which can be used within [BotBuilder](https://github.com/Microsoft/botbuilder-js) message pipeline.  The SDK runs a server and the middleware communicates with it while processing messages which enables the Conversation Learner track the bot's state/memory and reply with messages, adaptive cards, and more.

This repo also includes a way to host the Conversation Learner adminstration website which provides graphical interface to manage, traind, and test your bot.

# Getting started

Install @conversationlearner/sdk in consuming project:

```bash
npm install @conversationlearner/sdk --save-exact
```

> Note: We recommend using --save-exact to lock the version since we are NOT following SemVer at this time. This can help prevent accidental package updates which may contain breaking changes if you are not using package-lock.json. We will move to following SemVer soon as we improve our release process.

Using the middleware:

```typescript
import { ConversationLearner, ICLOptions, ClientMemoryManager } from '@conversationlearner/sdk'

...

ConversationLearner.Init({
    CONVERSATION_LEARNER_SERVICE_URI: process.env.CONVERSATION_LEARNER_SERVICE_URI,
    DOL_START: process.env.DOL_START ? process.env.DOL_START.toLowerCase() === 'true' : true
});

...
let cl = new ConversationLearner(modelId);

server.post('/api/messages', (req, res) => {
    adapter.processActivity(req, res, async context => {
        let result = await cl.recognize(context)
        
        if (result) {
            cl.SendResult(result);
        }
    })
})
```

Starting the UI server:

```typescript
import { startUiServer } from '@conversationlearner/sdk'

startUiServer()
```


# Contributing

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/). For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

# Release Process

See: [RELEASE](/RELEASE.md)

Commit message:

docs(readme): add docs about using semantic-release (#273)

packages/cl-sdk/README.md, after:

# ConversationLearner-SDK

Conversation Learner Software Development Kit

[![Travis](https://travis-ci.org/Microsoft/ConversationLearner-SDK.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/Microsoft/ConversationLearner-SDK)
[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/Microsoft/ConversationLearner-SDK.svg?style=shield)](https://circleci.com/gh/Microsoft/ConversationLearner-SDK)
[![AppVeyor](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/github/Microsoft/ConversationLearner-SDK?branch=master&svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/conversationlearner/conversationlearner-sdk)

This repo is intended to be consumed by your bot. The library exposes middleware which can be used within [BotBuilder](https://github.com/Microsoft/botbuilder-js) message pipeline.  The SDK runs a server and the middleware communicates with it while processing messages which enables the Conversation Learner track the bot's state/memory and reply with messages, adaptive cards, and more.

This repo also includes a way to host the Conversation Learner adminstration website which provides graphical interface to manage, traind, and test your bot.

# Getting started

Install @conversationlearner/sdk in consuming project:

```bash
npm install @conversationlearner/sdk --save-exact
```

> Note: We recommend using --save-exact to lock the version since we are NOT following SemVer at this time. This can help prevent accidental package updates which may contain breaking changes if you are not using package-lock.json. We will move to following SemVer soon as we improve our release process.

Using the middleware:

```typescript
import { ConversationLearner, ICLOptions, ClientMemoryManager } from '@conversationlearner/sdk'

...

ConversationLearner.Init({
    CONVERSATION_LEARNER_SERVICE_URI: process.env.CONVERSATION_LEARNER_SERVICE_URI,
    DOL_START: process.env.DOL_START ? process.env.DOL_START.toLowerCase() === 'true' : true
});

...
let cl = new ConversationLearner(modelId);

server.post('/api/messages', (req, res) => {
    adapter.processActivity(req, res, async context => {
        let result = await cl.recognize(context)
        
        if (result) {
            cl.SendResult(result);
        }
    })
})
```

Starting the UI server:

```typescript
import { startUiServer } from '@conversationlearner/sdk'

startUiServer()
```


# Contributing

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/). For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

## Semantic Release

Semantic release works by analyzing all commits that have occurred since the last release, computing the next version to increment based on the most significant commit found, then tagging and publishing a new package with that version.

See: https://semantic-release.gitbooks.io/semantic-release/content/#how-does-it-work

In order to analyze the commit messages reliably they must be in a known format.  To help writing these commits there is a tool at `npm run commit` which acts a wizard walking you through the options.

For most use cases the only change required is to type a special word in front of your normal commit messages. Instead of "add function to compute X" put "feat: add function to compute X".  Based on the rules "feat" is mapped to a "minor" release.

Video Demo: https://youtu.be/qf7c-KxBBZc?t=37s

# Release Process

See: [RELEASE](/RELEASE.md)
